Add the instruction for enable API audit log in downstream clusters (#824)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/rke2-cluster-configuration.md

- [Rancher UI](#configuration-options-in-the-rancher-ui): Use the Rancher UI to select options that are commonly customized when setting up a Kubernetes cluster.
- [Cluster Config File](#cluster-config-file-reference): Instead of using the Rancher UI to choose Kubernetes options for the cluster, advanced users can create an RKE2 config file. Using a config file allows you to set many additional [options](https://docs.rke2.io/install/configuration) available for an RKE2 installation.

## Editing Clusters in the Rancher UI

> Rancher UI provides two ways to edit cluster: editing clusters with a form or in YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rancher UI provides two ways to edit a cluster: 
	1. With a form.
	1. With YAML.
```

### Editing Clusters with a Form

> The form contains the most common and necessary options for clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form covers the most frequently needed options for clusters.
```

To edit your cluster,

1. In the upper left corner, click **☰ > Cluster Management**.
1. Go to the cluster you want to configure and click **⋮ > Edit Config**.

> ### Editing Clusters in YAML

Reviewer: I'm pausing here but changes suggested in the other file should also be performed here whenever applicable.

- [Rancher UI](#configuration-options-in-the-rancher-ui): Use the Rancher UI to select options that are commonly customized when setting up a Kubernetes cluster.
- [Cluster Config File](#cluster-config-file-reference): Instead of using the Rancher UI to choose Kubernetes options for the cluster, advanced users can create an RKE2 config file. Using a config file allows you to set many additional [options](https://docs.rke2.io/install/configuration) available for an RKE2 installation.

## Editing Clusters in the Rancher UI

The Rancher UI provides two ways to edit a cluster:
1. With a form.
1. With YAML.

### Editing Clusters with a Form

The form covers the most frequently needed options for clusters.

To edit your cluster,

1. Click **☰ > Cluster Management**.
1. Go to the cluster you want to configure and click **⋮ > Edit Config**.

### Editing Clusters in YAML

> Rancher UI provides two ways to edit cluster: editing clusters with a form or in YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Removing as it repeats information from line 20

        key1: value1
        key2: value2
```
### machineSelectorFiles

:::note

This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and later.

:::

> Deliver files to nodes, so that the files can be in place before initiating K3s sever or agent processes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deliver files to nodes, so that the files can be in place before initiating K3s server or agent processes.
```

Author: fxied
